---
layout: post
title: "Day 9 - December 16, 2025"
date: 2025-12-16
---

16 December 2025

I've been sick the last few days but hopefully I'm over the worst of it!

## Codewars

### Basic variable assignment - [Kata link](https://www.codewars.com/kata/50ee6b0bdeab583673000025)

The code provided was not operating as expected

```js
var a = "code";
var b = "wa.rs";
var name = a + b;
```

The expected outcome was `"codewa.rs"` but it was erroring out.

Debugging Solution: The code used comparison operators `==` instead of assigning the values to the declared variables.

`var a == "code"` compared `a` to `code` but `a` did not exist yet and even if it had, the expected result was a concatenation of the two strings, not a `true`/`false` value

### Plural [Kata link](https://www.codewars.com/kata/52ceafd1f235ce81aa00073a)

Create a function that determines if a plural is needed or not. It will take a number, return true if a plural should be used with that number or false if not.

```js
function plural (n) {
 return n !== 1;
 }
```

Here, the only time we would need to use singular and return false would be if the value was `1` so the function I wrote returns true when `n` is not 1.

## Leetcode

### Array Reduce Transformation [Problem link](https://leetcode.com/problems/array-reduce-transformation)

> Given an integer array `nums`, a reducer function `fn`, and an initial value `init`, return the final result obtained by executing the `fn` function on each element of the array, sequentially, passing in the return value from the calculation on the preceding element.
 >
 > This result is achieved through the following operations: `val = fn(init, nums[0]), val = fn(val, nums[1]), val = fn(val, nums[2]), ...` until every element in the array has been processed. The ultimate value of `val` is then returned.
>
> If the length of the array is 0, the function should return `init`.
>
> Please solve it without using the built-in `Array.reduce` method.

```js
var reduce = function(nums, fn, init) {
  let val = init;

  for (let i = 0; i < nums.length; i++) {
    val = fn(val, nums[i]);
  }
  
  return val;
};
```
